docs: add example `@nuxt/test-utils` config (#152)
danielroe/nuxt-vitest: README.md

})
```

### Conflict with @nuxt/test-utils

> nuxt-vitest and @nuxt/test-utils are not compatible with each other and can't be used in the same file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`nuxt-vitest` and `@nuxt/test-utils` need to run in different testing environments and so can't be used in the same file.
```

> If `@nuxt/test-utils` usage is required we recommend local environment setup and splitting tests into separate files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you would like to use `@nuxt/test-utils` to conduct end-to-end tests on your Nuxt app, you can split your tests into separate files. You then either specify a test environment per-file with the special `// @vitest-environment nuxt` comment, or name your `nuxt-vitest` files with the `.nuxt.spec.ts` extension.
```
